Aspirant

menial Employment
a precarious position as a hospital porter.
miserable, but it's all you can find just now.


*
Aspect :job
an arrangement to exchange one's life for money

Aspect: Ingredient
fuel,ointment,pigment:all are consumed in time.

Aspect: Ability
Brain or heart or hand or eye. Most of us are born with most of them.

Aspect:Heart
the Heart Relentless beats to protect the skin of the world we understand.[The Heart is the principle that continues and preserves.]

Aspect:Moth
I knew a man who captured moths in a bell-jar.On nights like this, he would release them one by one to die in the candle.
[Moth is the wild and perilous principle of chaos and yearning]

Aspect:Lantern
'Life is a pure flame, and we live by an invisible Sun within us.'
Thomas Browne.[Lantern is the principle of  the secret place some times called the House of the Sun,and of the light above it.]

Aspect:Text
Books are the memory which does not die







*Work
Earn a living or practice the invisible arts.


another shift at the hospital
another shift: mopping the darkened hallways,delivering post to hollow-eyed invalids, trundling corpse-laden gurneys to the basement.

halfway through your shift, the head porter beckons you aside.'we won't require your services any longer,'he says .'Here:your last payment. We've paid you through the end of the month.'

I have lost me job. At least now I have a little time to rest,and my health improves.

[Dream is unlocked]

collect All

-funds
Enough to support me for a little while in adequate comfort

-health
This is my body. there are other bodies, but this one is mine,and my mind needs it as a fungus needs soil.[with enough vitality, you can gain more Health]




*Dreams

Recall my Dreams 

Rest;reconsider your priorities; or risk yourself in exploration of the kingdoms of sleep.

With luck.I'll wake refreshed.(Health)
[Sometimes this will provide contentment. Often,it will do nothing. Occasionally, it will create Dread or Fascination.]

The Moonlit Road(Passion)
I know this dream. A Road crests a hill-top, and the air is silver-bright-

The Wandering Mind(Reason)
There was once a man who said that the sleep of reason produced monsters. Often it is healthy to let the mind wander in sleep. But if I keep dreaming. sooner or later, some sort of monster will rise from my own fears.

Purchase a Tincture of Opium(Funds)
In times of especial crisis. I might visit  a discreet pharmacist. to purchase a tincture of opium and make my dreams sweet. But only in times of especial crisis.[this is an expensive and risky way to gain contentment. It might provoke sickness or despair. 




It began when I spoke to the old man in the hospital. He knew my name.But he's dead now.the pneumonia.why do I dream of him still?What is the cobalt light in my dreams?
[Time is now passing.]

-Passion
Dull minds are never either intuitive or mathematical!  Blaise Pascal
[With enough Glimmering. you can Study to gain more Passion.]



*Study
Unlock books and other treasures.

I can't put that there(Funds)
That card must have at least one of these aspects: A Language. or Tutor,or Text,or Ability,or Lore,or Influence.


Fresh Air and Exercise(Health)
Long walks kill cobwebs.

Read sentimental Literature(Passion)
If I proposed to learn anything, I wouldn't be reading this stuff.

Read Whatever is To Hand(Reason)
The world is awash with printed words. Even the newspapers contain knowledge,sometimes.



A Bequest Arrives
I need Funds to live. But perhaps the recent upset in my circumstances is a secret blessing.Is there something to my dreams?
There is a change in the air.

-Reason 
'No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality. '     Shirley Jackson
[Whit Erudition, you can Study to gain more Reason.]

-A Bequest
A package of peculiar papers form my correspondent's executor. I must STUDY it,using either Passion or Reason.

